---
title: Tagavara Viker
description: "Both 6ede6õrgu6idu-s went so well that street cred is flying through the roof. That's how we found ourselves playing at Viker. The planned DJs couldn't make it and one recommendation was all it took for the offer to reach our inbox."
date: '2023-07-08'
type: 'event'
tags:
  - dj
  - viker
  - genn
  - techno
  - dance
  - dnb
recording: true
duration: '03:08:19'
audioSize: 176556
---

<script>
import pic1 from '$lib/assets/2023-07-08_1.jpg?as=run'
import pic2 from '$lib/assets/2023-07-08_2.jpg?as=run'
import Gallery from '$lib/components/Gallery.svelte';

const images = [{
        src:pic1,
        alt:"Both monospace members on the street. RX is squatting on the right side opening a now half-empty cider can. On the left side Mimmu is holding the sticky DJ controller.",
        link: {
            href:'https://www.instagram.com/prodhannes/',
            text: "@prodhannes"
       }  
    }]

const images2 = [{
    src: pic2,
    alt:'A selfie taken by Prodhannes with both monospace members in the background.',
    link: {
            href:'https://www.instagram.com/prodhannes/',
            text: "@prodhannes"  
    }
}]

</script>

# Sticky oops

Otherwise everything seemed ok. We got moving at the right time and life was beautiful. We took a couple drinks along the way for warming up. Then with what seemed like reasonable thinking  
**_laptop in backpack -> don't put drinks in laptop bag -> brought gym bag that would fit -> put drinks in gym bag_**  
there was a surprise waiting for us. Namely, this thought didn't account for the fact that the DJ controllers are also in the gym bag. And let's say if - hypothetically - one of the cans would break then it _could_ spill onto the controllers.

<Gallery {images} />

This pit stop didn't drag on long though and we arrived nicely on time. In between we also went through Hesburger, assuming we wouldn't see food until tomorrow morning. This turned out to be unnecessary in the end, because the organizer brought a bunch of Mac cheeseburgers halfway through the party. (Hessi ones were better tho)

# We arrived

Before us one of the drag artists was playing. Very solid. Did it with the XDJ-RR that was there, our [MIXXX](https://mixxx.org/) + 2 DDJ-400 setup took a bit of convincing but we got the setup switched out.

<Gallery images={images2} />

Since the DJs upstairs room played dance and pop, we were asked for something different downstairs. RX had freshly pulled a bunch of new techno, which we started with after some transition music from the previous set.

Towards the end we really went off. Never dropped Gladde Paling so successfully anywhere. To be fair by that time the audience consisted of some really shitfaced dudes. They seemed to have fun, we had fun, win-win.

Honestly we were pretty nervous, so we forgot to record the first hour of the set. Still a solid 3h for you to listen to here. There wasn't much bass on site, so we cranked it up from the controller and you can hear that a bit in the recording too, although I tried to bring it back to normal in post.

**Happy listening!**
