---
title: All My Homies Hate Skrillex
description: 'A year-long break, but now we are back - music nastier than ever before. Enjoy the nearly 4 hours of deep 140bpm dubstep.'
date: '2025-06-06'
type: 'event'
tags:
  - dj
  - 'lege baar'
  - 'dubstep'
recording: true
duration: '03:42:46'
audioSize: 210284
---

# All My Homies Hate Skrillex

The event name is inspired by a video essay that talks about the UK dubstep scene before 2010. [All My Homies Hate Skrillex | A story about what happened with dubstep.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hLlVVKRwk0)

We play music that is either from that era or inspired by that era. Deep, dark, and with fewer screechy modulated lead synthesizer sounds.

## Recording

Almost exactly 1 year ago we released our last recording. That was still the time when we played with DDJ-400 controllers and recording was simple – you press record in the software and that's it.

In the meantime, we've mostly been playing with CDJs and recording those is more difficult. For this, we just bought a Zoom H1 recorder.  
If only it were that simple...

The line signal coming out of the DJ mixer is about 30db too loud, since the H1 expects a microphone signal.  
I tested using it for the first time the same day of our set and that discovery, obvious in hindsight, was quite a shock.

Fortunately, RX had just discovered analog audio engineering as a hobby and had enough components and knowledge left over that he could build a passive attenuator the same day.  
We connected it between the mixer and H1 and luckily the signal became quiet enough that the recording didn't clip constantly.

But that's not the end of the story yet. When we had been playing for about an hour, I noticed that only the left side of the signal was showing on the H1 screen – cable is fucked.  
I fiddled with the cable a bit and by placing it delicately managed to record in stereo after all. So unfortunately you'll hear a bit under 4 hours of music instead of 5 hours. But, for the first time in a year, you have something to listen to.  
Next time we'll check the cable beforehand too haha.

**Happy listening!**
